1. Write a python code to insert element in array
2. Write a Program to update/modify an element at a given index.
3. Write a python code to search element in array(linear search)
4. Write a program to count elements in array
5. Write a program to delete element from array
6. Write a python code to find the sum of all elements.
7. Write a python code to count frequency of each element in the array.
8. Write a python code to find the average / mean of array elements.
9. Write a python code to merge two arrays into one.
10. Write a Program to find common elements from 2 arrays.
11. Write a python code to find duplicate elements in an array
12. Write a python code to find the maximum and minimum element.
13. Write a python code to generate Fibonacci series up to 5 number using array elements.
14. Write a program to reverse the array
15. Write a python code to create and display a 2D array (matrix).
16. Write a python code for matrix addition.
17. Write a python code for matrix subtraction.
18. Write a python code for matrix multiplication.
19. Write a python code to find the transpose of a matrix.
20. Write a python code to find the sum of diagonal elements.
21. Write a program to insert elements at the last position of the linked list. 
22. Write a program to print sum of alternate node elements in doubly linked list.
23. Write a program to reverse the singly linked list elements.
24. Write a program to delete node from beginning in singly linked list.
25. Write a program to reverse the nodes of a linked list.
26. Write a program to delete element from linked list whose sum is equal to zero (consider
negative numbers also in LL).
27. Write a program to create doubly link list and return the count of elements.
28. Write a program to create a doubly linked list and search a value in it and return its
position.
29. Write a program to Remove duplicate element from given sorted Linked List
SLL: 3->3->4->5
30. Write a program for Insertion and Deletion in Singly Linked List
31. Write a program to count number of nodes in singly linked list.
32. Write a program to Merge Two Sorted Linked Lists
33. Write a program to Insert at Specific Position
34. Write a program to Delete from Beginning and from end in DLL
35. Write a program to Merge Two Sorted Doubly Linked Lists